docs: document inline --set override syntax for ssh and composable attributes (#3882)
docker/buildx: docs/reference/buildx_bake.md

> [!NOTE]
> ¹ These fields already append by default.

#### Inline values for composable attributes

Some fields, such as `ssh`, `secret`, `output`, `cache-to`, `cache-from`,
`attest`, and `annotations`, are composable attributes that accept a list of
object values in a Bake file. When you override these fields with `--set`, you
provide each value using the same inline string syntax as the corresponding
build flag, not the HCL object form. The `--set` override replaces or appends
to the list as a whole; it doesn't address individual sub-fields with a
sub-selector. Only the map-valued fields `args`, `contexts`, `labels`, and
`extra-hosts` support targeting a specific entry with a sub-key (for example
`--set target.args.MYARG=value`).

For example, to set the SSH agent socket or key for a target, use the same
`id=path` form accepted by [`build --ssh`](buildx_build.md#ssh):

```console
$ docker buildx bake --set "*.ssh=default=$HOME/.ssh/id_ed25519"
```

To expose multiple paths for the same `id`, separate them with commas in the
second part:

```console
$ docker buildx bake --set "*.ssh=default=$HOME/.ssh/id_ed25519,$HOME/.ssh/id_rsa"
```

> Your shell expands `$HOME` before buildx sees the value. The equivalent Bake
> file definition uses the resolved paths directly (Bake doesn't expand `$HOME`
> in HCL strings):
> 
> ```hcl
> target "default" {
>   ssh = [{ id = "default", paths = ["/home/user/.ssh/id_ed25519", "/home/user/.ssh/id_rsa"] }]
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your shell expands `$HOME` before buildx sees the value. The equivalent Bake
file definition uses the
[`homedir`](https://docs.docker.com/build/bake/stdlib/#homedir) HCL function:

```hcl
target "default" {
  ssh = [{ id = "default", paths = ["${homedir()}/.ssh/id_ed25519", "${homedir()}/.ssh/id_rsa"] }]
}
```
```
